app-text/asciidoc					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/build-docbook-catalog		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/docbook-dsssl-stylesheets	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/docbook-xml-dtd			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/docbook-xsl-ns-stylesheets	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/docbook-xsl-stylesheets	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/enchant					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/gnome-doc-utils			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/hunspell					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/iso-codes					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/libpaper					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/manpager					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/poppler					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/poppler-data				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/qpdf						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/rman						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/scrollkeeper-dtd			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/sgml-common				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/tree						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/xhtml1						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
app-text/xmlto						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
