kde-plasma/breeze					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/breeze-gtk				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kactivitymanagerd		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kde-cli-tools			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kde-gtk-config			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kdecoration				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kdeplasma-addons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kgamma					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/khotkeys					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kinfocenter				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kmenuedit				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kscreen					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kscreenlocker			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/ksshaskpass				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/ksystemstats				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kwayland-integration		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kwayland-server			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kwin						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/kwrited					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/layer-shell-qt			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/libkscreen				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/libksysguard				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/libkworkspace			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/milou					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/oxygen					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-desktop			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-disks				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-integration		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-meta				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-pa				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-systemmonitor		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/plasma-workspace			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/polkit-kde-agent			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/powerdevil				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/sddm-kcm					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/systemsettings			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/xdg-desktop-portal-kde	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-plasma/xembed-sni-proxy			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto