kde-frameworks/attica				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/breeze-icons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/extra-cmake-modules	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/frameworkintegration	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kactivities			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kactivities-stats	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/karchive				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kauth				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kbookmarks			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kcmutils				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kcodecs				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kcompletion			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kconfig				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kconfigwidgets		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kcoreaddons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kcrash				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdbusaddons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdeclarative			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kded					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdelibs4support		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdesu				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdnssd				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kdoctools			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kemoticons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kf-env				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kglobalaccel			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kguiaddons			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kholidays			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/ki18n				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kiconthemes			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kidletime			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kimageformats		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kinit				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kio					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kirigami				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kitemmodels			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kitemviews			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kjobwidgets			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/knewstuff			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/knotifications		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/knotifyconfig		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kpackage				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kparts				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kpeople				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kpty					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kquickcharts			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/krunner				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kservice				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/ktexteditor			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/ktextwidgets			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kunitconversion		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kwallet				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kwayland				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kwidgetsaddons		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kwindowsystem		O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/kxmlgui				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/plasma				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/prison				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/qqc2-desktop-style	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/solid				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/sonnet				O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/syntax-highlighting	O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
kde-frameworks/threadweaver			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
