sys-apps/accountsservice			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/acl						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/attr						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/baselayout					
sys-apps/baselayout-java			
sys-apps/coreutils					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/dbus						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/debianutils				
sys-apps/diffutils					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/dmidecode					
sys-apps/dtc						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/fd							
sys-apps/file						
sys-apps/findutils					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/gawk						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/gentoo-functions			
sys-apps/gentoo-systemd-integration	
sys-apps/grep						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/groff						
sys-apps/help2man					
sys-apps/hwdata						
sys-apps/iproute2					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/kbd						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/kmod						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/less						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/lm-sensors					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/lsb-release				
sys-apps/man-db						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/man-pages					
sys-apps/man-pages-posix			
sys-apps/net-tools					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/osinfo-db					
sys-apps/osinfo-db-tools			O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/pciutils					
sys-apps/pkgcore					
sys-apps/portage					
sys-apps/ripgrep					
sys-apps/sandbox					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/sed						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/shadow						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/smartmontools				
sys-apps/systemd					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/texinfo					
sys-apps/usbredir					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/util-linux					O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/which						O3 graphite noplt seminterpos iptpta fast lto devirtlto
sys-apps/xdg-desktop-portal			