x11-libs/cairo					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/gdk-pixbuf				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/gtk+					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/gtksourceview			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libICE					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libSM					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libX11					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXau					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXaw					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXcomposite			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXcursor				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXdamage				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXdmcp				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXext				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXfixes				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXfont2				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXft					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXi					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXinerama			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXmu					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXpm					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXrandr				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXrender				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXres				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXt					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXtst				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXv					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libXxf86vm				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libdrm					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libfontenc				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libnotify				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libpciaccess			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libva					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libvdpau				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libxcb					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libxcvt                lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libxkbcommon			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libxkbfile				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/libxshmfence			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/pango					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/pixman					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/startup-notification   lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/vte					lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-imdkit				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util				lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util-cursor		lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util-image			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util-keysyms		lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util-renderutil	lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xcb-util-wm			lto noplt seminterpos
x11-libs/xtrans					lto noplt seminterpos
